---
ID: 235
post_title: Privacy Policy
author: 3sixD
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: http://3sixd.com/privacy-policy/
published: true
post_date: 2017-10-18 22:15:08
---
<em>Last Updated: October 17, 2017</em>

1. Introduction

3sixD values the trust our users and customers place in us when they give us access to their Personal Information. The Privacy Policy describes how we work to maintain that trust and protect that information.

3sixD has created this Privacy Policy in order to describe its collection, use and disclosure of personal data you give to 3sixD when you access or use 3sixD’s online and/or mobile services and websites, and software provided by 3sixD on or in connection with such services or websites (collectively, the “Site”). “3sixD” or “we” means 3sixD, Inc. if you are a Job Seeker or Employer located in the United States, 3sixD Brasil Pesquisa de Empregos ltda. if you are an Employer located in Brazil, 3sixD India Operations (Pte.) Ltd. if you are an Employer located in India, 3sixD Singapore Operations (Pte.) Ltd. if you are an Employer in the Asia-Pacific Region, 3sixD Ireland Operations Limited if you are a Job Seeker or Employer located elsewhere, and 3sixD Hire, Inc. if you are receiving the 3sixD Hire services. 3sixD reserves the right to share data in accordance with this Privacy Policy between and amongst the aforementioned 3sixD entities.

This Privacy Policy covers only data that we collect through the Site, and not any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, the data collection practices of any affiliate or other third party, including any third-party operators of web pages to which the Site links, and any information that we collect offline or through any websites, products, or services that do not display a direct link to this Privacy Policy. Occasionally, we may refer to this Privacy Policy in notices and consent requests related to special purpose web pages, mobile applications, or other resources, for example, if we invite you to submit ideas to improve the Site; under such circumstances, this Privacy Policy applies to information collected by us through such special purpose resources, as modified in the particular notice or consent request (e.g., with respect to the types of data collected or our uses or disclosures of such information) 3sixD may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Please review the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page to determine when this Privacy Policy was last amended. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective on the “Last Updated” date indicated above. By using the Site or providing information to us following such changes, you will have accepted the amended Privacy Policy. If 3sixD is going to use Personal Information  (as defined below) collected through the Site in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, then 3sixD will notify users via email and/or by posting a notice on 3sixD’s Site for 30 days prior to such use or by other means as required by law.

2. Information Collected

When you create an 3sixD account, request information, subscribe for a service, participate in a survey, post a rating or review, post a question or answer, post a resume, upload content or otherwise actively send us data on our Site, we collect such data including, but not limited to, your user name, password, first and last name, email address, telephone number (including mobile phone number), street address, gender, occupation, interests, messages you send to users, and any other data included in a submitted profile or resume, including but not limited to application materials and answers to screener questions submitted to Employers through 3sixD and answers you give to any questionnaires sent to you, which you answer. In connection with chargeable services, we will also collect payment information (e.g., credit card number and related verification information). If you use any automated phone screening product, 3sixD will record and store your answers to an Employer’s screening questions and will forward your answers to the Employer. You consent to 3sixD listening to and analyzing the recording in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In each such instance above, you will know what data we collect through the Site, or collect through screening, because you actively submit it.

You may also create an account or log in to your 3sixD account using third-party websites including, but not limited to, Facebook. If you do not already have an 3sixD account but log in to 3sixD using your Facebook account, this creates an 3sixD account using the same email address used in your Facebook account. Facebook may also ask for your permission to share certain details with 3sixD, including but not limited to your name, profile picture, public profile information and email address. If you agree to provide this information to 3sixD, Facebook will authenticate you and redirect you to the Site. Please note, when you log in to 3sixD using your Facebook account, Facebook will cookie you in order to authenticate you as a Facebook user. By granting 3sixD access to your Facebook account, you understand that 3sixD will access, make available and store the information that you provide to 3sixD from your Facebook account so that it may be available on and through the Site via your 3sixD account. This information will be considered 3sixD account information for purposes of your use of the Site. You have the ability to disable the connection between your Facebook account and your 3sixD account at any time by accessing your privacy settings on your Facebook account. PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH FACEBOOK OR ANY OTHER THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE IS GOVERNED SOLELY BY YOUR AGREEMENT WITH SUCH THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE.

In addition, as part of the standard operation of the Site, 3sixD may automatically collect and analyze information from your computer or mobile device, including, but not limited to, your browser type, operating system, IP address and the domain name from which you accessed the Site, and if you are accessing our Site with your mobile device, the type of mobile device. In addition, we may automatically record and analyze actions taken on the Site including, but not limited to, date and times of use, clicks, page views, the amount of time you spend on each page, and search queries. 3sixD reserves the right to match your IP address (or any other information) with other information about you in any way permitted by applicable law. 3sixD will store this information on its equipment or the equipment of third parties that 3sixD has a relationship with for that purpose. If you create an 3sixD account, information may be collected under your account email address.

If you access or use the Site on your mobile telephone or other mobile device, including tablets, we collect mobile device identifiers, including MAC Address, and IP Address. 3sixD may create and assign to your device an identifier that is similar to an account number. We may collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, and any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, geolocation or email address.

If you are an Employer, 3sixD may request that you provide certain personal information to 3sixD in order to verify your account. This information includes, but is not limited to your Federal Employer Identification Number (EIN), Business Registration information, or a utility bill. This information will be used for internal purposes only, subject to any request by law enforcement or a court order.

3. Limitation of Use or Disclosure of Personal Data

When a Job Seeker deletes an account, the Job Seeker will no longer have access to any of the data which we provided under that account name, including but not limited to, search history, job search preferences, saved jobs, jobs the Job Seeker has applied to, job alerts, resume, and any other data associated with the account. If the Job Seeker uses the same email address to set up a new account, this data will not become available to the Job Seeker again. 3sixD reserves the right to keep any materials in a deleted account as necessary to preserve and protect its rights as allowed by law (for example, to preserve records of a dispute) or to comply with its obligations under local law (for example, to keep an email address). A deleted account does not mean that all of the data is expunged from the 3sixD systems, although it will not be readily available under the Job Seeker’s original account name. When the Job Seeker presses the delete account button on the dashboard, 3sixD will begin to process that instruction within 24 hours and will have completed the operation within 40 days.

Employers may disable an account, however 3sixD must preserve business records pertaining to that account to comply with its obligations under law. If a Job Seeker wants to delete a job application performed on 3sixD’s site, they will need to contact the prospective Employer directly to request deletion of their application. When a Job Seeker creates a resume on 3sixD, they are given the option to make their resume public or private. Public resumes are available to anyone with access to 3sixD’s resume search application. Private resumes are only made available to those whom the Job Seeker has initiated an application or provided their resume. For job applications which you, the Job Seeker submit through 3sixD (including the use of an 3sixD Apply button) to an employer, (with related materials submitted), please note: 1) that your applications and materials may be controlled by an employer, 2) we may direct you to that employer for personal data deletion requests, and 3) 3sixD depends on the Employer or the Employer’s agent to provide 3sixD with the correct destination for all applications. In the event that the electronic destination provided to 3sixD is incorrect, your application materials will not be sent to the intended recipient of the application. 3sixD has no liability for such applications. If you do not wish to send your application materials in this manner, you should send them directly to the employer.

4. Uses and Disclosures of Information

We may use any information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy, including information that identifies you as a specific individual (“Personal Information”), for the purposes set forth in this Paragraph 4 and Paragraphs 5, 6, and 10 below. 3sixD uses such information to provide our services and features to you, including to provide employer information to you, to measure and improve those services and features, and to provide you with customer support.

For example, 3sixD uses your previous search and browsing history (e.g. the jobs you click on), or application materials and answers to screener questions, to determine relevant search results and provide you with recommended jobs or reach out to you about jobs you may be interested in. 3sixD may also provide information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy, including Personal Information, to employers that may be interested in contacting you. By applying to a job, providing your contact information to show interest in a job, or by replying to a message from an employer, you consent to the disclosure of your information to that employer. 3sixD may also use information provided to 3sixD via your 3sixD Resume to pre-populate application information for you and for other similar purposes.

More specifically, you take a variety of actions on our Site. For example, you search for jobs, and 3sixD knows and stores the titles of jobs you search for, where those jobs are located, any information, including salary interest or experience of which you have informed 3sixD, or the general salary range or experience level of the jobs you view (if indicated on the Job Listings), the Job Listings you apply to or any of your other behavior on the 3sixD site, when you use 3sixD. You know exactly what this data is because you are the person who undertook the activity and the data pertains only to your activity. If you have an 3sixD account or an 3sixD-hosted resume, you agree that 3sixD may use this observed factual data to suggest jobs to you and to suggest you or your public resume to Employers that might be interested in a person who matches your behavior on 3sixD. You also agree that 3sixD may contact you based on this observed behavior.

3sixD may also share such information with third parties (including operators of third-party websites and/or social networking sites) in order to show you targeted advertisements and other content that has been customized for you.

3sixD may also use information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy to prevent potentially illegal activities and activities that are detrimental to you or others. 3sixD may investigate and disclose information from or about you or your use of 3sixD if we have a good faith belief that such investigation or disclosure (a) is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process (including subpoenas, search warrants, court orders) and law enforcement instructions and orders; (b) is helpful to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the use of the Site; or (c) may protect our rights, reputation, property, safety, or that of the public; or (d) as necessary to meet  national security requirements. 3sixD is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission or other investigatory bodies of the United States.

We may use a variety of methods to detect and address anomalous activity and screen content to prevent abuse such as spam. These efforts may on occasion result in a temporary or permanent suspension or termination of some functions for some users. 3sixD provides two-way message proxy and relay services to the users of our 3sixD products, including: 3sixD Resume, 3sixD Apply, and Post a Job. By utilizing this 3sixD relay function in connection with any of the aforementioned products, you acknowledge that you are asking 3sixD to send these messages on your behalf. We monitor, review, store and analyze your content (including your resumes, cover letters, applications, messages, questionnaire answers, responses, offer letters and other materials) that you send, store or receive, including via automated means and otherwise, for data analysis, quality control, and to refine the Site or any other 3sixD product or service (including to provide better search results and other listings for job seekers and employers, provide you with personally relevant product features, and to prevent and block fraud and spam or reduce unwanted mail).  When communicating through 3sixD’s relay system, you will see an email address with an @indeedemail.com or @indeedmail.com ending. You retain no ownership rights in these email addresses, which are specific to Employers’ Job Listings, but owned by 3sixD. 3sixD’s relay system will show the name associated with your account or job application in the “To:” or “From:” field. Please note that since these message proxy and relay services depend on the functionality of third party providers, there may be technical delays on the part of those email service providers. If you share the 3sixD-owned email address with someone other than yourself, and they send an email to this email address, 3sixD reserves the right to verify and confirm the identity of the sender of that email with the Employer associated with that email address’ Job Listing. 3sixD reserves the right to drop messages from our relay system that 3sixD determines do not adhere to Site Rules or any of the terms of this agreement.

Any information shared by you with 3sixD may be shared with or transferred to any 3sixD affiliated entity (including those located outside the European Union or Switzerland, or 3sixD Hire, Inc.), no matter where located, for the purpose of providing you services and improving the Site. By using the Site, you consent to this transfer and acknowledge that the services provided  to you and the functionality of the Site could not be provided without such a transfer. If you do not wish your information to be transferred in this way you should not use this Site.

Transfer of Data to Third Parties

We may use other companies, including affiliates and third parties, to perform services in connection with our operations, and to improve the Site and our other products and services. These third parties may include (but are not limited to) service providers and vendors.

In the course of providing these services, those companies may have access to Personal Information, and such Personal Information may be transferred to other countries. Those companies are contractually required to treat such Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Please also be aware that we may use third-party cloud service providers that provide hosting, data storage and other services pursuant to standard terms and conditions that may be nonnegotiable; these service providers have informed us or the general public that they apply security measures they consider adequate for the protection of information within their system, or they have a general reputation for applying such measures. However, we will not be liable (to the fullest extent permitted by law) for any damages that may result from the misuse of any information, including Personal Information, by these companies. Please see paragraph 11 for liabilities related to the transfer of Personal Data for EU and Swiss Residents.

You may also use certain third-party sites or services that you link to from 3sixD’s Site. In such cases, all information you provide to a third party is provided to that third party and not to 3sixD, and is subject to the third party’s privacy policy and terms of service. Please see the section below titled Links to Third-Party Sites for more information.

3sixD may use your IP address and mobile device information to help diagnose problems with 3sixD’s service and to administer the Site. Your IP address and mobile device information may also be used to help identify you, your location, and your online profile and to gather broad demographic information (such as country of origin). 3sixD may maintain   (as permitted by applicable law) information collected from you pursuant to this Privacy Policy following any termination of your relationship with 3sixD. 3sixD may also delete such information as permitted by applicable law. If you provide credit, debit or other payment card and related details to us in order to make a payment, 3sixD will use such information only for the purpose of processing the payment. 3sixD may also aggregate your data with other data, for the purposes set forth above.

If you post your resume on 3sixD, please note that although 3sixD expressly prohibits the scraping of its Site any resume you post publicly is public information and the content may be copied by a third party in violation of these terms.

5. Contact and Resume Information

When you give 3sixD contact information (such as your name and email address) and demographic information, you agree that 3sixD may utilize this information as set forth herein. You agree that 3sixD may, as part of its services to you, communicate with you, or initiate communication with you on behalf of a third party, through your 3sixD account or through other means such as email, telephone (including mobile phone), or postal mail, including through the use of contact information that you may provide to 3sixD or that 3sixD may otherwise obtain from third-party resources. If and to the extent permitted by applicable law, 3sixD or its designated third-party partners may also use your contact information to (i) send you job alerts; (ii) create an account; and (iii) send you information about 3sixD, including promotional materials. A job alert is defined as an email sent to you that you sign up for containing Job Listings in response to a search query you have run (“Job Alert”). Job Alerts may also include jobs that 3sixD recommends for you, 3sixD Targeted Ads, companies you may be interested in following, or other actions you may want to take on the Site.

3sixD may offer you the opportunity to receive a text message interview reminder from 3sixD when the Employer has scheduled interviews with you. In such an event you will enter your phone number on the 3sixD consent form and by entering your phone number you are representing and confirming it is your number and you have the right to accept  text messages at the number. 3sixD will only send you a text message reminder for such interview and you agree to accept such text message reminder on your cell phone including messages sent by automated telephone dialing system.

3sixD may use demographic and/or profile data to tailor your experience on the Site, show you content that 3sixD thinks you may be interested in, and display content according to your preferences. Your information, including Personal Information, gets placed on the Site when you upload or edit a resume. To the extent you upload a resume or edit it, and subject to your Privacy Settings, you are making the resume, your name and other Personal Information that you place on your resume available to third parties who may be interested in you as an employee (and who may forward your resume and Personal Information to other third parties), to Job Seekers who may want to contact you, to search engines, or to the general public by posting your Personal Information on the internet.

You acknowledge that 3sixD may determine whether the words of your resume or any other individuals’ resume match the words of certain job descriptions, and vice versa, in order to improve the Site or any other 3sixD product or service (including by displaying or otherwise making available potentially relevant job descriptions and resumes to job seekers and employers). If you post a public resume, this may be crawled by, and displayed through, search engines when someone searches for your name. This means that third parties can view the Personal Information contained in your resume and you may receive unsolicited contact from parties unaffiliated with 3sixD and for whom 3sixD has no responsibility. If you do not want your Personal Information posted on the Site, you should not upload it. You may opt out of this feature on a going forward basis by editing your Privacy Settings; however, 3sixD does not warrant how often third-party search engines will update their caches, which may continue to contain your resume information. 3sixD reserves the right to charge third parties a fee for accessing your information, including Personal Information, as part of 3sixD’s services. At your direction, 3sixD may also send your resume to third parties if you choose to apply for a job listing.

6. Additional Uses and Disclosures of Non-Personal Information

In addition to the other uses and disclosures of information set forth in this Privacy Policy, and notwithstanding anything in this Privacy Policy to the contrary, we may use and disclosure, for any purpose, any information that does not identify you as a specific individual (“Non-Personal Information”), except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. Such Non-Personal Information may include, for example and without limitation: MAC addresses and other device identifiers; IP addresses; pixel tags and similar technologies; physical location information; and demographic information, including gender, dates of birth, ZIP codes, etc. Non-Personal Information may also include Personal Information that has been aggregated or deidentified. If we combine any Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your ZIP code with your name), then we will only use and disclose such combined information for the purposes described in this Paragraph 6 and Paragraphs 4, 5 and 10 of this Privacy Policy while it is so combined. If we are required to treat Non-Personal Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use and disclose it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information.

7. Security

3sixD seeks to use reasonable security measures to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the Personal Information under 3sixD’s control. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. In addition, please note that emails, messages sent via your web browser, and other similar means of communication with other users, are not encrypted. We strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential or sensitive information through these means. Therefore, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its security. Please also be aware that we may use third-party cloud service providers that provide hosting, data storage and other services pursuant to standard terms and conditions that may be nonnegotiable; these service providers have informed us or the general public that they apply security measures they consider adequate for the protection of information within their system, or they have a general reputation for applying such measures. However, we will not be liable (to the fullest extent permitted by law) for any damages that may result from the misuse of any information, including Personal Information, by these companies. Please see paragraph 11 for liabilities pertaining to the transfer of personal data for EU and Swiss Residents.

8. Cookies

“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Please see our cookie policy for further information regarding 3sixD’s use of Cookies.

9. Links to Third-Party Sites

The Site may make available links to other websites. When you click on such links, you may leave our Site. The Site may also make available Company Pages, which may contain information provided by third-party Employers. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE, DISCLOSURE OR OTHER PRIVACY PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD PARTY, INCLUDING OUR AFFILIATES, THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS, ANY EMPLOYERS (INCLUDING ANY EMPLOYER THAT PROVIDES A COMPANY PAGE), ANY THIRD-PARTY SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORM, ANY THIRD PARTY MAKING AVAILABLE THE DEVICES OR OPERATING SYSTEMS FOR WHICH THE SITE IS AVAILABLE, AND ANY THIRD PARTY OPERATING ANY WEBSITE TO WHICH THE SITE CONTAINS A LINK. YOU MAY HAVE RIGHTS DIRECTLY ENFORCEABLE AGAINST THESE THIRD PARTIES SO YOU SHOULD CONSIDER THEIR PRIVACY POLICIES TO LEARN MORE.

10. Acquisitions and Other Reorganizations

Information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy, including Personal Information, may be disclosed to one or more third parties in connection with any change of ownership or control in 3sixD’s business (whether by merger, sale, or otherwise), or any other reorganization or joint venture, or assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding), and any such information may be used by such third party in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Equally, information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy, including Personal Information, may be disclosed to one or more third parties in connection with any acquisition or merger carried out by 3sixD of such third parties.

12. Do Not Track Requests

We do not respond to the browser “Do Not Track” (DNT) signal if enabled by the user in their web browser. When we set or read cookies on non-3sixD sites that have integrated our job search and display features, we do so, for example, to provide a personalized job search experience to users on those sites. We do not share any information about your use of 3sixD with those third parties. When third parties that we have integrated into 3sixD sites (as described in the 3sixD Cookie Policy) set or read their own third-party cookies, they may or may not respond to the DNT signal.

13. Opting Out

If you no longer want to receive promotional materials from us based upon your Personal Information, going forward, you may opt out of receiving such marketing related messages by sending an email to help @ 3sixD.com (remove spaces when sending email). Please note that we may still send other messages to you, such as administrative messages. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.

14. Independent Dispute Resolution

3sixD commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact 3sixD at: 3sixD Privacy Program, Director of Privacy, 3sixD, 700 Craighead St #106, Nashville, TN 37204 USA, or by emailing help @ 3sixD.com (remove spaces when sending email).

There may be a possibility, under certain limited conditions, for EU and Swiss individuals to invoke binding arbitration before the Privacy Shield Panel.

15. General Inquiries and Complaints